KATARA: Water.
Earth.
Fire.
Air.
Long ago, the four nations
lived together in harmony.
Then, everything changed
when the Fire Nation attacked.
Only the Avatar,
master of all four elements,
could stop them.
But when the world
needed him most, he vanished.
100 years passed,
and my brother and I discovered
the new Avatar,
an airbender named Aang.
And although
his airbending skills are great,
he has a lot to learn before
he's ready to save anyone.
AANG: Oof.
KATARA: But I believe
Aang can save the world.
( DRILL WHIRRING )
( STEAM HISSING )
( CREAKING )
( WHIRRING )
This drill is a feat
of scientific ingenuity
and raw destructive power.
Once it tunnels
through the wall,
our troops will
storm their city.
The Earth Kingdom
will finally fall.
And you can claim Ba Sing Se
in the name of your father.
Nothing can stop us.
Hmm, what about those
muscle-y guys down there?
( DRILL WHIRRING )
Please, the drill's metal shell
is impervious to any
earthbending attack.
Oh, I'm sure it is, War Minister Qin.
But just to be
on the safe side,
Mai and Ty Lee,
take the Earthbenders out.
Finally, something to do.
( MOMO CHATTERS )
Aang, what are you doing here?
I thought you were looking for Appa.
I was, but something
stopped me― Something big.
SOKKA: Now, what's so big
that Appa has to wait?
AANG: That.
( DRILL WHIRRING )
We made it to Ba Sing Se
and we're still not safe.
No one is.
What are you people doing here?
Civilians aren't allowed on the wall.
I'm the Avatar.
Take me to whoever's in charge.
It is an honor to welcome you
to the Outer Wall, young Avatar.
But your help is not needed.
- Not needed?
- Not needed.
I have the situation
under control.
I assure you, the Fire Nation
cannot penetrate this wall.
Many have tried to break through it,
but none have succeeded.
What about the Dragon of the West?
He got in.
Well, technically, yes.
But he was quickly expunged.
Nevertheless, that's why the city
is named Ba Sing Se.
It's the impenetrable city.
They don't call it Na Sing Se!
( LAUGHS ) That means penetrable city.
Yeah, thanks for the tour.
But we still got the drill problem.
Not for long.
To stop it, I've sent an elite
platoon of Earthbenders
called the Terra Team.
That's a good group name. Very catchy.
( GRUNTING )
( RUMBLING )
Ready? Attack!
( CREAKING )
( GRUNTING )
( GRUNTS )
( GROANS )
We're doomed!
Get a hold of yourself, man!
You're right. I'm sorry.
Maybe you'd like the Avatar's help now?
( MEEKLY ) Yes, please.
So the question is, how
are we gonna stop that thing?
- Why are you all looking at me?
- You're the idea guy.
So I'm the only one who
could ever come up with a plan?
That's a lot of pressure.
- And also, the complaining guy.
- That part I don't mind.
So, Mr. Lee and Mister, um...
"Mushy," is it?
It's pronounced "Moo-shi."
You telling me how to do my job?
Uh, no, no, no.
But may I just say,
you're like a flower in bloom.
Your beauty's intoxicating.
Mmm, you're pretty easy on
the eyes yourself, handsome.
Rawr!
Welcome to Ba Sing Se.
I'm gonna forget I saw that.
I think Lee would make
a good Freedom Fighter.
He's just trying to find his
way in the world, like us.
You don't know
anything about him, Jet.
I know he didn't get that
scar from a Waterbender.
Besides, I thought we
were going straight now.
We are. And the new Freedom Fighters
could use a guy like Lee.
What do you think, Longshot?
I can respect that.
What's wrong with him?
He doesn't look injured.
His qi is blocked.
- Who did this to you?
- Two girls ambushed us.
One of them hit me with
a bunch of quick jabs.
And suddenly, I couldn't earthbend,
and I could barely move.
And then she cartwheeled away.
Ty Lee. She doesn't look dangerous,
but she knows the human body
and its weak points.
It's like she takes you down
from the inside.
- Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh!
- Yes?
What you just said.
That's how we're gonna
take down the drill―
The same way Ty Lee took
down all these big Earthbenders.
By hitting its pressure points!
We'll take it down from the inside.
( DRILL WHIRRING )
Once I whip up some cover,
you're not gonna be able to see,
so stay close to me.
( RUMBLING )
TOPH: Run!
( MOMO CHATTERS )
Hey, look at that dust cloud.
It's so... Poofy. Poof!
Don't worry, Princess.
I'm sure it's nothing.
( DRILL WHIRRING )
( RUMBLING )
Everyone into the hole.
SOKKA: It's so dark down here.
I can't see a thing.
TOPH: ( SARCASTICALLY )
Oh, no, what a nightmare!
SOKKA: Sorry.
( DRILL WHIRRING )
There.
( MOMO CHATTERS )
( GRUNTS )
Toph, come on!
No way am I going in that metal monster.
I can't bend in there.
I'll try to slow it down out here.
Okay, good luck.
( RUMBLING )
( GRUNTS )
I need a plan of this machine,
some schematics
that show what the inside looks like.
Then we can find
its weak points.
Where are we gonna
get something like that?
( CLANG )
What are you doing?
Someone's gonna hear us.
That's the point.
I figure a machine this big
needs engineers to run it.
- And when something breaks...
- They come to fix it.
( GAS HISSING )
Hi.
This'll work, thanks!
( CLANGS )
It looks like the drill
is made up of two main structures.
There's the inner mechanism,
where we are now, and the outer shell.
The inner part and the outer part
are connected by these braces.
If we cut through them, the
entire thing will collapse.
So, you guys got plans
once you're inside the city?
MAN: Get your hot tea here!
Finest tea in Ba Sing Se!
Oh, Jasmine, please!
( COUGHS )
Coldest tea in Ba Sing Se
is more like it.
What a disgrace!
Hey, can I talk to you for a second?
( SIGHS )
You and I have a much better
chance of making it in the city
if we stick together.
You wanna join the Freedom Fighters?
Thanks, but I don't think
you want me in your gang.
Come on, we made a great team
looting that captain's food.
Think of all the good we
could do for these refugees.
I said no.
Have it your way.
( SLURPS )
Hey!
What are you doing firebending your tea?
For a wise old man, that
was a pretty stupid move.
I know you're not supposed
to cry over spilled tea, but...
-( SNIFFLES ) It's just so sad!
-( TRAGIC VIOLIN PLAYS )
( DRILL WHIRRING )
Wow, it looks a lot thicker in person
than it does in the plans.
We're gonna have to work pretty
hard to cut through that.
What's this "we" stuff?
Aang and I are gonna
have to do all the work.
Look, I'm the plan guy.
You two are the cut stuff
up with waterbending guys.
Together, we're Team Avatar.
( METAL SLICING )
( PANTING )
Come on, team! Don't quit now!
- We're―
-( GROWLS )
I mean, you're almost there!
( METAL SLICING )
( MOMO CHATTERS )
( CREAKING )
( SIGHS )
At this rate, we won't do enough damage
before the drill reaches the wall.
I don't know how many
more of those I have in me.
( CREAKING )
( RUMBLING )
Do you hear that? We took it down!
We better get out of here fast.
QIN ( ON PA ):
Congratulations, crew!
The drill has made contact
with the wall of Ba Sing Se.
Start the countdown to victory!
( CREW CHEERING )
( DRILL WHIRRING )
( GRUNTS )
Come on, brace! Budge!
This is bad. Really bad.
( PANTING ) We're putting everything
we've got into busting these braces,
but it's taking too long!
Maybe we don't need to
cut all the way through.
Toph has been teaching me
that you shouldn't give 100%
of your energy into any one strike.
Sokka, take a fighting stance.
You've gotta be quick and accurate.
Hit a series of points
and break your opponent's stance.
And when he's reeling back,
you deliver the final blow.
His own weight becomes
his downfall, literally.
So we just need to weaken the braces
instead of cutting all the way through.
Then I'll go to the top of this thing
and deliver the final blow.
And boom, it all comes crashing down!
Everyone inside that wall,
the whole world, is counting on us.
The whole world minus
the Fire Nation, that is.
( GRUNTS )
Come on, Twinkle Toes! Hurry up!
( METAL SLICING )
That's enough!
We need to get to the next one.
MAN ( ON PA ): War Minister!
An engineer was ambushed.
His schematics were stolen.
MAN ( ON PA ): War Minister!
A brace on the starboard side
has been cut clean through!
It's sabotage, sir!
Let's go, ladies.
-( SPLASHING )
-( METAL SLICING )
Good work, Team Avatar.
Now Aang just needs to― Duck!
Whoa!
Wow, Azula, you were right!
It is the Avatar...
...and friends.
Hey.
Aah!
Whoa!
( MOMO CHATTERS )
Guys, get out of here!
I know what I need to do.
Wait, you need this water
more than I do.
Follow them. The Avatar's mine.
Slurry pipeline?
-( GRUNTS )
- What does that mean?
( GRUNTS )
It's rock and water mixed together.
It means our way out.
-( PANTING )
-( SPLASHES )
( SCREAMING )
Ugh, disgusting.
Come on, you heard Azula.
We have to follow them.
She can shoot all the
lightning she wants at me.
I am not going in that
wall sludge juice.
( SIGHS )
( SPLASHES )
Ugh.
( SOKKA AND KATARA SCREAMING )
Ugh!
( GROANS AND WHINES )
( MOANS )
( SCREAMS )
( WHIMPERS )
Why don't you try blocking
my qi now, circus freak?
Katara, keep that up.
The pressure will
build up in the drill.
Then, when Aang delivers the final blow,
it'll be ready to pop!
( RUMBLING )
( MOMO CHATTERS )
This looks like a good spot, Momo.
( EXCLAIMS )
General Sung, tell your soldiers
to stop shooting rocks down here!
Soldiers, whatever you do,
don't stop shooting rocks down there!
( CRASHING )
( METAL SLICING )
Good technique, Little Sister.
Keep it up!
Don't forget to breathe.
You know, I am just about sick and tired
of you telling me what to do all day.
You're like a chattering hog monkey.
Just bend the slurry, woman!
-( SCREAMS )
- TOPH: You guys need some help?
Toph, help me plug up this drain.
( CREAKING )
( METAL SLICING )
( PANTING )
What I'd give
to be a Metalbender.
( SQUEALS )
- Momo, get out of here!
-( CHATTERS )
( WATER SPLASHING )
- Aah!
-( CRASHING )
( GASPS )
( GRUNTS )
( GAS HISSING )
( CREAKING )
( RUMBLING )
( WHIMPERS )
( GRUNTS )
Whoa!
Aah!
( GRUNTS )
-( CHATTERS )
-( GRUNTS )
Thanks, Momo. I owe you one.
- Now all I need is a―
-( CRASHES )
Actually, that is what I needed, for once.
( MOMO CHATTERS )
( STONE CRACKING )
Aah!
( CREAKING )
( SPLASHING )
- Woo-hoo!
- Here it comes!
Whoa!
( CREAKING )
( DRILL POWERS DOWN )
( CHATTERS )
( SPUTTERS ) Ugh!
We lost.
MAN: Last call for Ba Sing Se!
Jet, relax.
So the old guy had some hot tea. Big deal!
He heated it himself.
Those guys are Firebenders.
- What a handsome baby.
- Thank you.
SOKKA: I just wanted to say
good effort out there today, Team Avatar.
Enough with the Team Avatar stuff.
No matter how many times you
say it, it's not gonna catch on.
How about the Boomerang Squad?
See, it's good 'cause
it's got "ang" in it.
Boomer-Aang!
I kinda like that one.
Let's talk about this
on our way into the city.
- The Aang Gang?
- KATARA: Sokka...
- The Fearsome Foursome!
- TOPH: You're crazy.
Why? We're fearsome!